welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called splice from
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw two
scientists they were husband and wife
one of them was clive and the other one
was elsa both of them were genetic
scientists which means they create new
kinds of animals by experimenting with
different species they create new
animals by crossing two different dnas
of two different animals
both of them were also working with a
medicine company the name of that
company was nerd
at first they mixed two different dnas
to create a completely new animal
and after that they made so many types
of medicine from that new animal's
protein
recently they created a new type of male
creature and it looked so strange
they had already created a female
creature of that species so they kept
both of them in the same place
both of the creatures fell in love with
each other
which means they were successful with
their experiment
after seeing this they went to their
boss they told her that we've created a
totally new kind of animal by mixing
seven different dnas
and with the protein of that new
creature we can develop so many
different types of medicine
along with that we also invented a way
to mix human dna with animal dna to
create a hybrid creature with which we
can develop more medicine after hearing
this their boss told them that they were
very happy about the experiment
but the company does not agree with you
on the project about mixing animal and
human dna
and our company just wants you to
develop medicine from the creature you
guys created that's why you guys need to
quit all your experiments and focus on
developing medicine but elsa told her if
we don't do this then someone else will
her boss replied saying did i tell you
we won't do it of course we'll do it but
before we do it we need to develop
medicine and sell it after that we will
surely work on your project about mixing
animal and human dna their boss told
them not to focus on the project right
now
and that's why both of them were upset
because they were passionate about
genetic engineering that's why they
decided to secretly keep their research
going and they started their experiment
secretly but they need the dna of a
human to keep the experiment going elsa
brings someone's dna to clive and he
asks her whose dna it is
elsa admits she doesn't know this is
some unknown man's dna and then they
started their experiment with the human
dna and the dna of the creature they
created they were passionate about this
experiment and worked hard for it but
they did not succeed
one day elsa brought another dna and
told him that this is the best dna of
all we will do our experiment on this
one after that they started their
experiment on the dna in the dna of the
creature
after much hard work they were
successful in mixing the human dna and
the dna of the creature since the
experiment was illegal clive didn't want
to keep it going but elsa did not agree
with him she wanted to keep the
experiment going and that's why she went
to another lab with the dna
in that lab there was medicine which
could create an animal from dna elsa put
the dna in the machine clive told her we
are doing very wrong it's not a good
sign to create something and then kill
it i also told him many people die every
day and maybe we can save many lives
from this experiment that's why clive
agreed with her they began their
experiment but the shocking fact is the
fetus was supposed to grow up slowly but
it was growing up very fast
after checking it they found out that it
was a normal creature
but in the evening suddenly the alarm of
the lab rang
when they went there to check they saw
that the fetus had developed totally it
was trying to come out of the machine
they broke the machine to get it out it
was looking strange
clive wanted to kill the creature but
elsa told him we should not kill him now
maybe we were successful with our
experiment but clive didn't listen to
her and he went to kill the creature
but when he went there he saw that it
was already dead clive left the lab elsa
told him there's no possibility of any
danger she opened the box of the
creature when she checked it she saw
that the creature was not there it was
just his skin
and the creature is now roaming around
somewhere in the lab
in the next scene we saw the strange
creature and it had two legs clive saw
the creature on the cctv camera and told
elsa to come out of the lab as soon as
possible i will kill it with poisonous
gas
but elsa didn't listen to clive she told
that creature that i will not harm you
don't be scared and then the strange
creature came closer to her it was not
scared of her
but clive came there with a rod in his
hand to kill the creature the creature
got angry after seeing this
after that elsa and clive came out of
the lab
clive told her that now he will put the
poisonous gas inside the lab because he
doesn't want to keep it alive he wants
to kill it but elsa tells him no again
we will just tranquilize it
because she wants to see what she's
created they tranquilized the creature
and do many tests on it they found out
that it was a female creature and it was
growing up fast and after some time
fully developing its body it will die
its lifespan is low
it was growing up very fast and
developing itself it was growing up his
hands as well and its brain was growing
up at a very fast rate elsa was addicted
to it she started to feed her and teach
her many activities
one day elsa gave it the alphabet and
told it to arrange its name but the
creature wrote nerd with the alphabet it
was the name of the company it wrote
nerd because it was looking at it on
elsa's shirt elsa became happy after
seeing this because now that creature
was understanding everything
clive came there and he does not like
this creature at all
he told her why did you take it out of
the cage put it back inside the cage
and you need to cover its tail
actually the creature had a very long
tail
elsa told clive not to call it a
creature then clive said what am i
supposed to call it then elsa said you
should call him dren
because he just wrote nerd with the
alphabet and if you write it backwards
then it says dren
one day clive's brother found dren and
he wanted to know about its reality
since they cannot keep dren with them
anymore they sent it to their farmhouse
in the next scene we saw that elsa and
clive were about to do a presentation
about the creature that they had made
before
and when they were talking about the
creature with the owner of the company
both of the creatures started to fight
with each other and both of them died
because of it elsa and clive were upset
they were researching the fight of the
creatures and they found out that the
female creature had changed her gender
on her own
and she became a male that creature had
the dna of an animal who could change
its gender
elsa and clive didn't know about it
since they were busy with their new
experiment dren
dren has grown big but still elsa
treated it like a kid she taught it
everything she loved her one day dren
ran away from the farmhouse and went to
the forest
and when elsa and clive went outside to
look for her they saw that dren was
eating a rabbit elsa and clive took her
home and gave her food
but dren didn't want to eat the food she
told her that she can't stay here in
this boring place anymore which was hard
for elsa to hear
dren wrote tedious with the alphabet in
the next scene we saw that dren broke
the window and went to the rooftop clive
and elsa also went after her and they
saw that dren had wings
she was about to fly away from there but
then clive stopped her and said we love
you we need you we will keep you with us
after hearing this dren's wings went
inside her body
dren's brain was totally developed now
she could understand everything what's
wrong and what's right
one day dren found a cat but elsa took
the cat away from her because elsa was
scared of the fact that she might kill
the cat
after that we noticed a very surprising
thing
and it was that dren started to fall in
love with clive
therefore clive realized that when they
mixed the human dna with the creature's
dna to make dren it was actually elsa's
dna clive got angry with elsa he told
her that you shouldn't have done this
slowly their love for each other was
coming to an end
elsa gave that cat to dren
dren's tail had a pointy end and dren
used her pointy tail and killed the cat
with it
after seeing this elsa got mad at her
she slapped her in the face after
getting slapped by her she got angry as
well and went outside after taking the
key from elsa's neck
after that we saw many characters of
dren
in the next scene we saw that elsa
succeeded in making the protein and the
company gave her this responsibility and
then one day clive saw dren was shaking
and she was in the water
we noticed that clive was falling in
love with dren
he touched the screen of his laptop
on the other side dren also touched the
cctv camera which means she was touching
clive's hand through the camera
because she knew that clive was watching
her clive was surprised after seeing
this and he went to dren in the
farmhouse clive came here alone
elsa was not with him
clive went there and called for dren but
he could not see her anywhere
but when he looked back he saw that dren
was standing behind him and she spread
her wings
dren told clive that she liked him very
much
clive told her no this is not right but
since clive was in love with dren he
couldn't control his feelings for her
but unfortunately elsa came there elsa
felt bad after seeing them together she
got mad at them and left the farmhouse
after that elsa cut off the tail of dren
since her tail had a very sharp nail and
she could kill anyone with it elsa was
upset about it in the next scene we saw
that clive and elsa were regretting
their decision about creating dren
they realized that they shouldn't have
created this creature
i also told clive that i've deployed the
protein that the company asked me to
and dren has that protein in her body in
a very large quantity they decided to
kill dren
and they went to the farmhouse but they
saw that dren was about to die
when they reached there dren died we
knew that dren's lifespan was low and
she died too early in the next scene we
saw that clive and elsa buried her body
after burying the body they saw that his
brother came there and he was here with
another employee
his brother also worked at the company
he said to clive that he knew that they
had created a creature which looks just
like a human because the protein that
you gave the company has human dna in it
and i want to see that creature
elsa and clive told him that the
creature had died we've just buried her
body but then suddenly they heard a
scream and the scream was coming from
the place where they buried the body of
dren all of them ran to that place
but they saw that dren's body was not in
her grave
she was standing on the rooftop she had
resurrected herself
now she has become more powerful and
dangerous
she has grown a new pair of wings and
the tail
dren killed the employee and clive's
brother
clive became unconscious after seeing
this and dren attacked elsa
in this scene we found out that dren had
changed her gender as well
because he had the dna of that creature
which they created earlier and now dren
has become a male
dren was forcefully trying to have sex
with elsa but then clive stabbed her
with a wooden stick dren got injured
from this and left elsa but after some
time she took out the wooden stick from
her body and attacked clive
and elsa took a rock in her hand and hit
dren with it
she hit her with it again and again but
suddenly she stopped
she was thinking that we have created
her with our own hands and now we are
killing her with our own hands
elsa also realized that dren had her own
dna in her body
but after getting the chance
dren killed clive with her tail and elsa
again hit her with that rock and she
died
in the next scene we saw elsa and her
boss elsa was about to give birth and
the father of that baby was dren
because dren had changed his gender
elsa's boss told her that the protein
that you gave the company has helped the
company to earn much profit
and the company wants to keep on going
with the research that you guys have
started
they can keep this research going with
the baby in elsa's belly elsa had worked
hard for this company she even lost her
husband the company gave her so much
money since elsa was a genetic scientist
she agreed with them for the research
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks